So let's move over to our new offerings user and let's think about what we actually want to handle here.
For example I want to handle the case that a user did successfully sign up or sign in.
So we should create some actions for it in the store folder.
All 380 of action star TS file where I now want to well set up these actions to set these actions up
just as before for the shopping list of first of all imports the interface from at G.R. xx store because
we want to implement this once we create our own classes.
And now I'll create some constants for example the sign up constant which will simply store sign up
as a value.
So this is our unique identifier for each side of action.
Will probably always need a sign in action so sign in and logging out makes sense too.
So export Konst log out could be logged out like dead.
So that's the abjection here.
So now with the identifier set up on implementing classes for the actions the first class designer class
will implement the action interface.
This interface requires us to register this type property which we sign up.
So this string value of this constant here this is their very unique identifier to S..
I don't really need a payload here because if we sign up I only want to switch Efendi cater to true.
I don't really need to do anything else so we don't need to pass a payload here.
I do want to set a token eventually but I'll do this in a later state.
So for now let's add another class here.
D sign in class which also implements action and which will also receive a read only type property referring
to site.
In this case of course.
Finally let's add the log out action here.
Implementing action and having a read only type which refers to log out.
Now regarding the token I'll add one extra identifier which all names set underscore token set underscore
token as a string value to and register a class for this so named as set token like this implement the
action and now assign a read only type where each is equal to a set token.
But here I also want to have a payload.
So again to use a constructor so that we can easily set this payload men dispatching the action for
dead or use these types of shortcut of adding an accessor public in this case in front of an argument
to let types convert this into a property too.
So you're all named this payload.
This will therefore be converted to a property named payload and it will have a value of a string because
this will be the token the string JWT token we get when signing up or in.
Finally Let's export this combined type.
So we create a type name action just as in a shopping list actions we named a shopping list actions.
Let's follow this.
Name a name ID of actions maybe and this will now simply bundle all our different types here.
So sign up sign in log out or set token of course that's it.
These are the actions.
Let's next set up some cases in the reducer so that you can handle them.